{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red184\green14\blue61;\red247\green238\blue241;\red99\green99\blue99;\red37\green91\blue141;
\red245\green245\blue247;\red65\green141\blue196;\red200\green51\blue63;\red68\green43\blue105;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 November 3 2016:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
pseudo classes:\
 . CSS has key words that can be added to selectors.\
\
a \{\
font size\
\}\
\
active is when your active with link\
focus when you hover over inside the px range looking but not pushing down\
h1 pseudo-class>\
\
;h\
\
\
HTML Alone:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The graphic is created with <canvas>\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 html draws style from Bootstrap \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}Bootstrap IS CSS. It's what's called a CSS framework\
{\listtext	\'95	}It gives us some base styles to work with on our elements. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Bootstrap includes a reset css already, so you no longer need to add that. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Bootstrap also gives us a grid system to more easily position our elements on the page for all screen sizes\
{\listtext	\'95	}what is a CDN? content delivery network\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
What is Bootstrap?\
Twitter Bootstrap is a free collection of tools for creating websites and web applications.\
\
It comes with a built in design template for typography.\
\
what MD?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 Unlike the 
\b id
\b0  selector, the 
\b class
\b0  selector is most often used on several elements. This allows you to set a particular style for many HTML elements with the same 
\b class
\b0 . The 
\b class
\b0  selector uses the HTML 
\b class
\b0  attribute, and is defined with a "." A simple way to look at it is that an 
\b id
\b0  is unique to only one element\

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
left side of the brain math, science and reading \
right side music, art and emotion \
henryata lex oldest women in the world, her dan used to cure diseases \
\
CLASSNOTES: 11/5/16\
bootstrap is like cheat code elements are already laidout\
in bootstrap delete the integrity and crossorigin (its for security) \
\
<div class=jumbotron>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs60 \cf5 \strokec5 Example: Stacked-to-horizontal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf5 Using a single set of 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-md-*
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  grid classes, you can create a basic grid system that starts out stacked on mobile devices and tablet devices (the extra small to small range) before becoming horizontal on desktop (medium) devices. Place grid columns in any 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .row
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs60 \cf5 Example: Fluid container\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf5 Turn any fixed-width grid layout into a full-width layout by changing your outermost 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .container
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  to 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .container-fluid
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf8 \strokec8 Copy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs26 \cf9 \cb10 \strokec9 <div\cf5 \strokec5  \cf11 \strokec11 class=\cf12 \strokec12 "container-fluid"\cf9 \strokec9 >\cf5 \strokec5 \
  \cf9 \strokec9 <div\cf5 \strokec5  \cf11 \strokec11 class=\cf12 \strokec12 "row"\cf9 \strokec9 >\cf5 \strokec5 \
    ...\
  \cf9 \strokec9 </div>\cf5 \strokec5 \
\cf9 \strokec9 </div>\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\
md= laptop\
xs= 700pix and lower \
lg= large \
when you do md the max you can have is 12\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Move columns to the right using 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-md-offset-*
\f6\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2  classes. \
These classes increase the left margin of a column by 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 *
\f6\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2  columns. \
For example, 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-md-offset-4
\f6\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2  moves 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-md-4
\f6\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2  over four columns.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb13 \strokec5 .col-md-4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs26 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 You can also override offsets from lower grid tiers with 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-*-offset-0
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  classes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs60 \cf5 Nesting columns\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf5 To nest your content with the default grid, add a new 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .row
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  and set of 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-sm-*
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  columns within an existing 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-sm-*
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  column. Nested rows should include a set of columns that add up to 12 or fewer (it is not required that you use all 12 available columns).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs60 \cf5 Column ordering\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf5 Easily change the order of our built-in grid columns with 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-md-push-*
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  and 
\f5\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 .col-md-pull-*
\f4\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5  modifier classes.\
* (google) aria-controls \
*panel body= padding\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs26 \cf5 \cb1 \

\f3\fs60 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf5 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
}